new skoda rapid spaceback
not so long ago appeared on Belarusian
roads and now he is in school test
pilots auto panorama folk experts
Eugene Riza no Vich and Vitaly Lukin
start to study it
according to Eugene, with the mind spaceback
strict and conservative urban
car he is
hatchback and station wagon combination with a new one
skoda corporate design
sharp lines and restraint inherent
Czech stamps however if desired Rapid
can add brightness optional
orders a glass panoramic roof and
enlarged glass on the fifth door
today for the test skoda rapid spaceback
such a budget car but despite
this is quite pleasant materials
inside everything is thought out everything is nice
bella moonlight in principle
not bad landing though a bit confusing
side stand a good overview
car enough interior spaceback
made of sturdy materials from
attention to detail in the cabin is possible
aluminum trim sheathed leather
three-spoke steering wheel
climate control and multimedia with
navigation
inner space not only
pretty but practical enough
there are place holders for
bottles in the niches of doors as well as comfortable
boxes for various trivia under
front seats
collected all 5 points no
complaints in the cabin are all on
in their places do not need to reach for anything
everything is at hand
space becky vitali especially pleased
the chips with which the people's expert is not
met on other cars
for example pocket for reflective
vest under the driver's seat and scraper
for ice inside the lid
fuel tank
Vitaly was pleasantly surprised to PRSP
He was particularly pleased with the engine 1 and 2 tons
with a and
and 6-speed manual
Gear motor pulls great for
confident movement in the city 105
there are enough horses
the car we test is equipped
1 and 2 turbocharged engines
liters of us in the cabin driver and two
passenger and dynamics but in the city
he shows himself well
one gear shift
pleasure all clear suspension
comfortable, it works well
bumps in the road
So let's summarize the national test for
view of vitalia and eugene skoda rapid
spaceback
affordable stylish and dynamic
car he bribes his fresh
design number of possible
additional options and known
reliability, if desired, you can get
enjoy a moderately vigorous ride
space backcks although this is far from basic
dignity of the car main need
recognize reliability and simplicity
of management